INAUDIBLE
♪ I want to be you
♪ To do the things you do
♪ And you want to be me
♪ La-la-la-la La-la-la-la
♪ Always searching for another high
♪ Trying to catch up with lost time
♪ Time to laugh before we cry
♪ Time to live before we die
♪ I want to be you
♪ To do the things you do
♪ La-la-la-la La-la-la-la
♪ La-la-la-la La-la-la-la. ♪
PHONE VIBRATES
Hello.
What is wrong with you?
What do you think you're doing?
It's too late, you didn't pick up.
Well, I didn't…
Look, let me explain.
Oh, come on, I know you.
You think you're some noble
detective, but you're just a…
TV CHATTER IN BACKGROUND
Morning. Morning.
Coffee?
Yes.
Are you OK?
What is it?
Well…
…this keeps happening, doesn't it?
Mm.
I want it to keep happening.
I don't know what we do about that.
I know it's not ideal,
having to lie to everyone.
Don't worry.
I'm happy.
And easy.
CHILDREN YELL IN DISTANCE
INDISTINCT VOICES
Fuck. Shit. I'm so sorry.
No, it's fine. I've got to go.
KNOCKING ON DOOR
Elliot… Yeah, just coming.
…needs a quick poo.
This is a nice surprise.
CHILD YELLING Sorry, darling.
OK, I'm just looking for the key.
Er…
That's it.
In, erm…
Found them.
Stop it. Quick, Rich,
can you come in and close the door?
Yeah, coming.
DOOR CLOSES
UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYS
Hey.
MUSIC CONTINUES PLAYING
THROUGH HEADPHONES
What does he do, then?
He's an IT guy. Computers.
Good for you.
Have you got a minute?
Everything OK?
All fine in the end,
but when I got here this morning,
she was out on the road again.
Oh.
She was looking for you.
Well, I was at work.
She said you were gone all night.
Yes, I got a shift on security.
Hm.
My hour a day isn't enough any more.
You're going to have to be around.
She can't be left alone.
Look, I know she doesn't want
to go to a home,
but we could look into it.
I can contact Marigold.
She's not going to Marigold.
Place is due a lawsuit.
Listen, I'm really worried for her.
Well, look, I…
…I will be around.
There's just some things
I need to wrap up.
I know it's not easy.
You're a young girl, so's she.
It's bad luck.
And one more thing. Um…
She…
She keeps trying to give me this.
It's her mother's engagement ring.
I keep saying no,
but, bless her, she keeps trying.
Well, if she wants you to have it…
OK.
Well, I'll hold on to it.
For now.
Keep it safe.
TELEVISION PLAYS QUIETLY
Who are they?
Just some friends.
Oh, yeah.
Your imaginary friends.
Isn't that Chloe?
Do you want to go for a walk?
Why have you got two phones?
Do you remember, you used to walk
miles every weekend to see her?
Yeah.
We was meeting in the middle.
I'd had enough of driving you.
So had her parents.
Ah, Chloe.
You outstayed your welcome
a bit there, didn't you?
SHE CHUCKLES
She was the full package,
wasn't she?
Beautiful, clever, kind.
Holy trinity. She was cheating
on her husband. Liar!
Turns out she's the liar.
And how would you know?
Put those on. It's getting cold.
Really?!
Fuck…you!
THEY LAUGH
PHONE BUZZES
Yeah, I won't be back after my
meeting, so I'll see you tomorrow.
Right.
DOORBELL RINGS
Perfect timing.
I need a second opinion.
The selection's come through.
Oh, brilliant.
I'm trying to choose a photo
for Elliot's press release.
What about this one?
It's ticking all the boxes.
Active in the community,
cares about funding for special ed,
good with kids, sporty.
Mm, yeah, that's the one.
God, I knew you'd be
brilliant at this.
Great. Erm…
So, I had a thought about
Phil's exhibition. Mm, yeah?
Well, you're so snowed under
with Elliot,
what if I took the lead on it?
Just freed you up a bit.
Oh, my God, that would be amazing.
Yeah, I mean, it'll give you a
chance to run your own thing and,
God, I could do
with it off my plate.
Thank you so much.
Well, great, because I've already
spoken to Josh… Oh!
No, he's firmly friend-zoned, but
we can have a space at Harbourside.
Oh, my God!
You!
Um… Oh, my other thought was…
…what if we got Richard to DJ?
You know, that's not a bad shout,
actually.
Erm, shall I…
Shall I get in touch?
Sure. Let me ping you his contact.
One sec. Let me just…
Ooh. Should be… Got it.
Cool.
INTERNAL RINGTONE
Hey, this is Richard Greenbank.
I'm not around. Leave me a message.
I don't really listen to them
but knock yourself out.
BUZZER
PHONE VIBRATES
Hi. Hi, Julia.
Hi, Becky. Hi.
Is it a good time to talk?
BUZZER It's not, actually.
Can I give you a call back?
Just a quick one, but I've spoken
to Langrove and it's not great.
Erm, what's the matter?
Laura from HR said you
left early again today.
Apparently it's the third time
this week. Yes. Yes.
I had to run an errand.
Mark was going to be out.
Also, a laptop's gone missing.
Look, I'm not…
Anyway, they've asked me to find
a replacement for you. What?!
I'm going to be honest,
your performance hasn't been
up to standard for a while now.
I'm sorry but I can't
in all good conscience
put you forward for
another placement.
We're going to have to let you go.
Er, I…
It's been a hard time, actually.
If I could explain…
I don't know if you know, but
my mum isn't very well. Erm…
Well, I'm sorry to hear that, Becky.
Sorry, Julia, I've got to go.
Hello?
SHE KNOCKS ON DOOR
Richard?
Hello?
RETCHING
Oh, fuck! Richard?!
Oh…
INTERNAL RINGTONE
999. What's your emergency?
Erm, I need an ambulance
immediately, please.
Thank you.
Hey, are you all right?
Yeah. Will you come to mine tonight?
Yeah. OK.
He looks like a little boy.
I'm going to kill him
when he wakes up.
INAUDIBLE
This is crazy.
He needs a private room.
I'll go with him.
We did not need this right now.
Yes, I know.
Whenever Rich spends too much
on drink and drugs,
Elliot always has to bail him out.
Yes, we get it.
Sorry, Sash.
Does Tyra know you're here?
We broke up.
Shit, sorry. I broke up with her.
I think she was a bit
obsessed with me.
CHUCKLING
Oh, hey.
Hi.
You thought you'd get away from us
that easily, did you? Hm?
You're all right.
What is she doing here?
Rich, stop it.
Why is she always here?
Well, she helped you, actually.
She saved you,
so could you just be nice?
She's fucking Elliot.
What?!
Erm, I…
Oh, for fuck's sake. She's been
gone four months and he's been
through the ringer. Can we just
let the guy live his life?
Outside.
How long has it been going on?
It's… It's really nothing.
It's not nothing, is it?
You lied to me.
I know.
His wife just died.
He may not look like it
but he is very vulnerable.
What were you thinking?
You think you're
some noble detective
but you're just a fucking
loser creep.
Oh, wow, you're so eloquent,
I can really see why he likes you!
Erm, he's asleep again.
Shall we go find the others? Yeah.
INAUDIBLE
Hey.
Where are the others?
Er, they're trying to find you
a private room.
Look, I'm sorry I've been a dick.
Erm…
I've been in a bad place, too.
I know that's not an excuse
but I did just save your life,
so maybe we could start over.
I've definitely met you before.
At school or something.
I really don't think so.
Erm, I…
I wanted to say…
…I hope you're not blaming
yourself for what happened…
…to Chloe.
What? Everyone says you had
something very special.
So, what happened?
Why the fuck are you asking?
Elliot has this crazy theory.
SHE CHUCKLES
Erm…
"To die by your side."
Sometimes he wonders
if that poster was meant for you.
Did he say that?
Did he?
Fuck.
No.
Rich.
Brandon Hill.
We used to smoke weed together
on Brandon Hill.
I wasn't there for her.
I said I'd be there for her.
PHONE VIBRATES
Chloe. Richard? Richard, I really
need you. Can you come find me?
No… No, it's Becky.
Becky Green.
Erm, shit.
Erm, sorry, wrong… Wrong number.
Wai… Wait.
It's going to come back to me.
What school did you go to?
Anyone else know a Becky Green?
Chloe, do you know her?
Elliot?
Sorry, mate, sounds like
no-one knows you here.
Maybe go and make your own friends.
DOORBELL RINGS
Sasha?
Sorry, I should go.
Sasha, wait, wait.
Look, I'm sorry about Livia.
I can't come to yours tonight.
Sorry. This…
It's all been a big mistake.
Let's talk about this.
No. I shouldn't be here.
I literally have no reason
to be here.
I have my mum.
I need to look after her.
Sasha… Sasha!
Why do I always do this?
Sasha…
Right, time to get up.
That's it.
You are going to do
some revision today.
I just spoke to Angela.
What did she say? She said…
…you need to stop
calling for Chloe.
You'll be all right.
You and me are always all right.
INTERNAL RINGTONE
LOUD MUSIC
No, no, no, no, no!
Come on! Yeah!
Get in! Get…in!
Ooh-ooh! You tried your best
but you didn't succeed.
No, sir. Come on, come on.
Let's play again. OK, do that.
I'm good.
I'm good to go all night.
All night.
Yeah?
Oh! Oh, I just did it again!
Sorry, guys, we're closing.
MUSIC STOPS Oh, for suck's sake!
SHE GASPS AND MOANS
You do not like
sleeping much, do you?
OK.
So, how are things
with Sir Fairbourne?
Over.
Really?
Why?
Mm? It's just, erm…
…a misunderstanding.
I should never have been there.
They all hate me now anyway.
OK.
Well, you can still move to Japan
or wherever.
What the fuck am I going to do
in Japan?
Whatever you want to do.
What's the point?
Well…
…a few years ago,
my mom got really sick…
…and she decided not to tell me.
She came up with this whole theory
that if everyone believed
she was healthy,
she actually would be.
So what…what are you
trying to say?
It didn't work.
Jesus. Fuck.
I didn't…
I didn't come here to talk.
What?
Come here.
What do you want?
Becky Green, stop being such a
fucking asshole and get over here.
Call me a fucking arsehole?!
HE LAUGHS
♪ A la folie, je serre ton corps
♪ Toujours plus fort
♪ Dedans, je compte les accords
♪ Je sais qu'il m'en reste encore
♪ Bal fragile
♪ Bal inutile
♪ Je vais sur la musique
♪ Comme sur une ile
♪ A la folie, a la folie
♪ Ah, la, la, la, la
♪ A la folie
♪ Je danse pour toi… ♪
TYRES SCREECH, LOUD CRASH
BIN LORRY RUMBLES OUTSIDE
Erm, I've… I've got to go.
OK. I'll call you.
Don't think we're going down
this road again.
You have fucked up your life
enough as it is. Get up.
Why? What for? Come on.
Urgh!
What happened to your job?
Hm?
You really think I'm an idiot,
don't you, Becky?
VOICEMAIL: Hey, Sash.
Hope you're OK.
Thank you so much for everything
you did for Richard.
Look, it would be nice to see you.
I feel really bad.
I'm actually just at a hair
appointment in your
neck of the woods, so I'll knock on
the door and see if you're in.
OK, see you soon.
INTERNAL RINGTONE
Hi. You've reached Livia Fulton.
Please…
Where are you off to now?
Please, I've got to go. Becky!
Hi. Hey! Hey! Hey.
Sorry. You scared me.
Oh, sorry. No, no, no. No worries.
Perfect timing. Did you get my
message? I was just about to knock.
Oh, yes, I did. I tried you back.
Erm, sorry,
I was just held up at work.
Erm, can I…come in for tea or…?
Erm, maybe not at mine. It's… Oh.
No, it's just… It's my mum.
She was just quite bad this morning.
Oh.
It can just throw her
if she has to meet someone new.
Oh, God, is it that bad?
Yes, yes… Yeah, it's a lot.
Er, but, you know, she's lovely,
so… Of course!
…It makes it all worthwhile. Yeah.
THEY CHUCKLE
Erm, why don't I come to yours?
Yeah, that would be really…
That would be really nice.
Er, one thing.
El's coming for dinner so you might
cross paths with him. Is that OK?
Yeah, of course.
Great.
Yesterday was a horrible day
all round. I know.
And, look, I, er…
I'm sorry.
I was a bit harsh.
I just get worried for him.
Well, it was nothing
and it's over. I know.
It's for the best, I think.
Just don't lie to me again.
I am really sorry.
I am, too.
So, listen, I did actually want to
talk to you about something else.
I, erm…
I know it's hard work managing
our work and your full-time job
and your mum. Yes. Sorry, sorry,
I just… I really think I might
need to stop. Oh, well, I was
thinking that I could actually start
paying you properly.
I do appreciate everything that
you've done for me. Really.
What? I… Just talk to your work.
Find out what your notice period is.
Liv, I… I can't.
DOOR OPENS AND CLOSES
Just think about it.
Guys, guys, guys, come on.
CHILDREN YELL
Hi! Sorry.
Auntie Sasha has come to see you two
again. Isn't that nice of her? Yeah!
DOORBELL RINGS
Oh, love, can you get them in the
bath? Yep. Thank you.
Right, Noah, go on, up you go.
That's Elliot. I'm going to…
I'll be back in a sec. Sure.
Hiya. Come in, come in.
Hi. Livia? What?!
Do you know where Mr Meerkat is? No,
I don't know where Mr Meerkat is.
Well, OK. I don't know where he
is…
PHONE VIBRATES
Are… Are you OK?
Yeah.
Sorry. I am seriously considering
putting them up for adoption.
It's just a nightmare.
THEY LAUGH
Oh. Sorry, I'm just going to take
this really quickly. OK. Of course.
Hello. Becky, where are you?
I… Why? What's wrong?
You need to come back now.
I can't find your mum.
What do you…? What do you mean?
Since when? I don't know.
I've been looking everywhere
near the flat. She's not there.
Where are you?
I've… I've been held up at work.
I'll check the shops. You need to
come back and check the seafront.
Call me if you find her.
Sorry, I… I've got to go.
Why? What's wrong?
It's my mum. She's gone missing.
The carer can't find her.
What?! Shit! Sasha, what can we do?
Nothing, nothing. You don't… I'm
just going to go and look for her.
OK. Listen, let me come with you.
No, no. She's not good with new
people, she's not. Are you sure?
Yeah, definitely. Maybe he should,
love. You can't just go on your own.
No, no. It's fine. Honestly.
That's just going to make things
worse. What can we do? Nothing.
You don't need to do anything.
I need to go. I don't have my bag.
Listen, where might she be? I mean,
I can call the council, they can
look out for her. It'll be in the
Brandon Street… No, Glenwood Bay.
Glenwood Bay? Er, yes… Er, yes,
the carer's already looked around
ours. My mum sometimes gets on a
bus. She forgets to get off.
I'm going to go. Go, go.
Call us if you need us, OK?
Mum!
Mum! Mum!
Mum, are you OK?!
I need to get to my stall.
It's nearly light and
I need to open up. It's evening.
Mum, let's go home.
You must be freezing.
It's the, erm… It's the
flea market on Corn Street.
Do you know the way?
Come on. Excuse me!
Have you heard of personal space?
Right, OK, can you just
come with me, Mum, OK?
Who are you?
Because I don't understand.
I can't remember.
It's me.
Mum, it's me.
Can we just go home, get warm?
Yeah.
Let's go.
That is up to the top, OK?
I'm going to get you home.
Where? It's just over there.
I'm going to drive us.
Just give me a minute, OK?
INTERNAL RINGTONE
Hello. I found her.
Oh, thank God. Yeah.
Listen, would you mind
not doing a report?
It's just, you know,
she's safe and sound
and I am going to be there
for her now, I promise.
I have to do a report, Becky.
That's my job.
Yeah, well, I'm asking you not to.
Sorry.
Sasha?
Stay in the car.
What do you…? Are you OK?
Is your mum all right? Yeah.
She's in… She's in there.
What are you doing?
You, erm… You left your phone
and your house keys at Livia's.
Thank you.
I thought you'd be locked out.
I was going to go back
to Brandon Street
but I thought I'd try the bus stop
one more time. Sorry.
Don't apologise.
I'm just glad you're OK.
Hello. I'm Elliot.
Pam Green. Lovely to meet you.
Come on, let's get back in the car.
Sasha's about to get you home.
That's not Sasha. It's… It's me.
Mum. No, you… Mum.
Look at her hair.
She can never get it to shine.
It's a real shame for her.
Well, now, now.
There's no need to be mean.
She came here to take you home.
Sasha, is this your fancy man?
Er…
She's my baby.
You look after her. I'll be sure to.
Come on. Come on.
Thank… Thank you. Sorry.
Don't… Just, sorry.
It's… Don't be.
You had me worried.
SHE BREATHES HEAVILY
I don't care if it's too soon.
I don't care if people
think it's a mistake.
It's more than that. What, then?
I fucked up.
She could have been really hurt.
It's not your fault.
I had no idea that it was…
…this bad.
You're surely not doing
this by yourself. No.
We… We have a carer who
comes for an hour a day
but it's not enough. That's crazy.
It's too much for you to deal with.
I mean, have you thought
about a home?
Yeah. My grandpa spent a few years
at Dudley Manor.
He had a great time.
Have you thought about it seriously?
But it's expensive.
It's… There's…
It's a huge waiting list.
Can I…? I just…
I need to get her home.
Sasha, wait. Yeah?
Look, let me make a few phone calls.
We made a big donation to
Dudley Manor after Grandpa died.
I'm sure they'd be happy to help.
No, no. El, that's… No.
But I just want to help.
I know. I know you do.
Erm, you…
You don't really know me.
That's just not a good idea.
Why not?
Livia's right.
We need to stop this now
or you're just going to get hurt.
It's a bit late for that.
Look, take each day as it comes.
Put her in there for now,
see how it goes.
You can't put your life on hold.
I should go. Go. Drive safe.
Sorry, Mum.
What for?
PAM HUMS A MELODY
Shall I do your back?
SHE CONTINUES HUMMING
Lovely.
You're good to me.
A bit there.
Fuck…you!
THEY LAUGH
God, I'm tired.
You need an early night.
I think I need more than that.
Dug myself into a bit of a hole.
Really?
Yeah.
I know I need to get out of it
but I don't know…
It just… It just feels good, Mum.
Love, you and me…
…we never get to pick and choose.
We have to make the most
of what we're given.
Yeah.
I could ride it out for a bit.
See how long it can last.
Make the most of it.
You'll be all right.
No, I can't.
You're beautiful, clever and kind.
The holy trinity.
Just like Chloe.
Who's Chloe?
PAM HUMS
I thought she was trying
to reach out to me.
I can't believe I thought that.
BABY CRIES
FOOTSTEPS
What's that? That's just next door.
BABY CRIES
No, it's not.
It is. It is, I promise.
Sasha… Mum. …where's your sister?
Look, I'll get you a towel.
Where's Sasha? Mum.
Where's your sister? She's dead,
Mum! She's dead! She died!
BECKY CRIES
What have you done? I'm sorry.
What have you done?
Sorry.
Sorry?
Sorry. Don't touch me!
Fuck! Get out!
Get out! I don't want you here!
I never wanted you here!
INTENSE BUBBLING
Hey.
Is everything all right?
Hey. Hey, hey.
What's going on?
I… Hey.
Don't worry about it.
I'm sorry.
Mm-mm. Mm…
Let's just go to sleep.
SHE KNOCKS
Morning. Morning.
Right…
…I've been thinking.
I've found you a great place
to stay for a bit. For a bit.
It's really nice.
You're trying to palm me off.
No.
No. No, I'm not.
Right. It's just for a bit and then
I will be there for you…properly.
Mum, I promise.
I called them already.
They can do you an amazing deal.
I've paid for the first month
and we'll figure it out after that.
Thank you.
I will pay you back.
We'll figure it out.
El, I need to talk to Livia.
We will, but it's not a good idea
just yet. No, I have to.
Look, honestly, trust me.
I know her.
Just let the dust settle,
let her get over herself.
OK.
How are your chopping skills?
Excellent.
That's what I like to hear. OK.
There you go.
SHE LAUGHS
Tiny knife, tiny hands…
…and apron.
Here.
Thank you. Turn around.
So, erm, tight enough?
It's great.
Rich is getting out tomorrow
and I think, as a group, we ought
to spend a bit more time with him.
Yes.
RICHARD IN VOICEOVER: I've
definitely met you before.
School or something.
Erm…
El, I've, erm…
I've been thinking…about that.
Do you think he could have
done it on purpose?
God, erm, I… I don't know.
Maybe.
What? Has it happened before?
Well, I mean, he's had his stomach
pumped when he was a teenager.
So, how often does he get wasted?
Quite a lot.
It's just, my friend, Alex…
…you know, we all thought of her
as the wild party girl,
and from one point of view
she was…
…but then you look at it
the other way.
Erm, you're right.
Yeah. I just…
I just think he needs help.
Proper help. Urgently.
No, no.
No, you're absolutely right.
There are some good places.
You know, mental health
and addiction facilities,
if he'd be willing.
God, you're amazing.
I've got garlic all over my…
It's fine.
Come on, or else we'll never eat.
PHONE VIBRATES
You're just a fucking loser creep.
Stop calling me! I told you to stop.
Get out of my…
MUSIC: Mysterons by Portishead
♪ Inside you're pretending
♪ Crimes have been swept aside
♪ Somewhere
♪ Where they can forget… ♪